c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\bin\Windows\Debug\3DWorldTest.exe
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\bin\Windows\Debug\3DWorldTest.pdb
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\obj\x86\Debug\3DWorldTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\obj\x86\Debug\3DWorldTest.exe
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\obj\x86\Debug\3DWorldTest.pdb
c:\users\kevin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Pinball.xnb
D:\Studium\GDV\Trainboys\Kevin Neu 737193\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\obj\x86\Debug\3DWorldTest.exe
D:\Studium\GDV\Trainboys\Kevin Neu 737193\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\obj\x86\Debug\3DWorldTest.pdb
D:\Studium\GDV\Trainboys\Kevin Neu 737193\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\bin\Windows\Debug\3DWorldTest.exe
D:\Studium\GDV\Trainboys\Kevin Neu 737193\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\bin\Windows\Debug\3DWorldTest.pdb
D:\Studium\GDV\Trainboys\Kevin Neu 737193\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
D:\Studium\GDV\Trainboys\Kevin Neu 737193\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
D:\Studium\GDV\Trainboys\Kevin Neu 737193\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
D:\Studium\GDV\Trainboys\Kevin Neu 737193\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
D:\Studium\GDV\Trainboys\Kevin Neu 737193\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
D:\Studium\GDV\Trainboys\Kevin Neu 737193\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
D:\Studium\GDV\Trainboys\Kevin Neu 737193\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
D:\Studium\GDV\Trainboys\Kevin Neu 737193\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
D:\Studium\GDV\Trainboys\Kevin Neu 737193\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
D:\Studium\GDV\Trainboys\Kevin Neu 737193\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
D:\Studium\GDV\Trainboys\Kevin Neu 737193\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
D:\Studium\GDV\Trainboys\Kevin Neu 737193\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
D:\Studium\GDV\Trainboys\Kevin Neu 737193\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
D:\Studium\GDV\Trainboys\Kevin Neu 737193\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
D:\Studium\GDV\Trainboys\Kevin Neu 737193\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
D:\Studium\GDV\Trainboys\Kevin Neu 737193\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
D:\Studium\GDV\Trainboys\Kevin Neu 737193\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
D:\Studium\GDV\Trainboys\Kevin Neu 737193\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
D:\Studium\GDV\Trainboys\Kevin Neu 737193\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
D:\Studium\GDV\Trainboys\Kevin Neu 737193\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
D:\Studium\GDV\Trainboys\Kevin Neu 737193\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\obj\x86\Debug\3DWorldTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Studium\GDV\Trainboys\Kevin Neu 737193\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Pinball.xnb
D:\Studium\GDV\Trainboys\Kevin Neu 737193\3DWorldTest\3DWorldTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Platte.xnb
